basicSelenium/TareaDelete.java
 basicSelenium.TareaDelete
controls/Label.java
 controls.Label
factoryBrowser/FactoryBrowser.java
 factoryBrowser.FactoryBrowser
basicSelenium/BasicUpdateProject.java
 basicSelenium.BasicUpdateProject
factoryBrowser/IBrowser.java
 factoryBrowser.IBrowser
factoryBrowser/Chrome.java
 factoryBrowser.Chrome
controls/Button.java
 controls.Button
factoryBrowser/Edge.java
 factoryBrowser.Edge
controls/TextBox.java
 controls.TextBox
pomPages/todoLy/LeftSection.java
 pomPages.todoLy.LeftSection
factoryBrowser/BrowserStack.java
 factoryBrowser.BrowserStack
pomPages/todoLy/LoginModal.java
 pomPages.todoLy.LoginModal
pomPages/todoLy/MainPage.java
 pomPages.todoLy.MainPage
factoryBrowser/FireFox.java
 factoryBrowser.FireFox
pomPages/todoLy/MenuSection.java
 pomPages.todoLy.MenuSection
controls/Image.java
 controls.Image
pomPages/todoLy/CenterSection.java
 pomPages.todoLy.CenterSection
basicSelenium/BasicCreateProjectTest.java
 basicSelenium.BasicCreateProjectTest
basicSelenium/basicTest.java
 basicSelenium.basicTest
controls/Control.java
 controls.Control
controls/AlertControl.java
 controls.AlertControl
testClean/CreateProjectTest.java
 testClean.CreateProjectTest
singletonSession/Session.java
 singletonSession.Session
testClean/TareaCrudProjectClean.java
 testClean.TareaCrudProjectClean
testClean/LoginTest.java
 testClean.LoginTest
testClean/CrudItem.java
 testClean.CrudItem
pomPages/todoLy/TodoistFirstPage.java
 pomPages.todoLy.TodoistFirstPage
pomPages/todoLy/TodoistMain.java
 pomPages.todoLy.TodoistMain
testClean/TodoistTest.java
 testClean.TodoistTest
pomPages/todoLy/TodoistLogin.java
 pomPages.todoLy.TodoistLogin
